fix: remove rti from navigations (#1821)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: .changeset/giant-planets-argue.md

---
"@rhds/elements": patch
---

> `<rh-accordion>`: removed Roving Tabindex keyboard navigation in favor of tab based navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`<rh-accordion>`: removed arrow-key keyboard navigation in favor of tab navigation.
```
